[nextjs] Optimize editing render middleware - follow up (#196)
Sitecore/content-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

  - Ensure editing state is enabled in Design Library mode ([#181](https://github.com/Sitecore/content-sdk/pull/181))
* `[core]` Ensure displayName paths are properly UTF-8 encoded. ([#179](https://github.com/Sitecore/content-sdk/pull/179))
* `[react]` Enhanced the Design Library cache buster format to hh-dd-mm-yyyy ([#188](https://github.com/Sitecore/content-sdk/pull/188))
* `[nextjs]` Optimization for editing render middleware: issue an internal server request for fetching page data during editing instead of doing temporary redirect ([#195](https://github.com/Sitecore/content-sdk/pull/195)) ([#196](https://github.com/Sitecore/content-sdk/pull/196))
  - added new environment variable `SITECORE_INTERNAL_EDITING_HOST_URL` - the internal host URL for the Next.js application, used for server-side requests for page rendering during editing
  - added a new setting in _sitecore.config_: _sitecoreInternalEditingHostUrl_. This setting allows you to define the internal host URL explicitly, overriding the corresponding environment variable.
  - if none of the above is set:

>      - in XMC environment server request will be issued to `http://localhost:3000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - in XM Cloud environment server request will be issued to `http://localhost:3000`
```
